Previously
on Sons of Anarchy...
Clay killed my old man!
Opie found out the truth.
He's the one that shot me.
Why'd you lie, man?
I know you can't sit
at the table with him.
I want you in SAMCRO, but
whatever you decide to do,
I'm gonna back you.
What I know is that the gavel
turns shit around.
I'm not gonna turn
into Clay.
I'm more afraid that I'm
gonna turn into you.
I just went by the house
to see my grandkids.
Who the hell decided
to put them in day care?
Me and their mother.
We can take care
of our own.
I don't think you're
up for the task.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Easy now, love.
- Was I that bad?
- Who the hell are you?!
Nero Padilla.
I'm a companionator.
These two girls
said they witnessed
guys on motorcycles
shooting a black man
in a SUV.
Another two
witnesses came in,
identified Tig Trager
as the guy
that ran down
Veronica Pope.
I, uh, murdered
an innocent girl.
The lie was to protect
Ope and the club.
County issued warrants
for you, Chibs and Tig.
I got a place you can go.
You'll be safe.
Are you guys aware
of the violence that is
happening in Charming?
Two home invasions
in less than a week?
Gotta settle things
with the Niners.
What the hell is this?
Jax:
This is Pope letting us know
he's the one who decides
who lives and dies.
- Daddy!
- Stop!
You know my pain,
Mr. Trager.
(Dawn screaming)
No!
Man: Go around back!
Shit.
(indistinct
radio transmission)
Sorry to wake you, Opie.
We were hoping that you
might be able to tell us
where we can
find Jax Teller.
Yeah, keep an eye out front.
I want to know
who's coming and going.
You want anybody else
up here?
Not yet.
Keep trying Tig.
How long have you
known this guy?
Not long.
I trust him.
Come on. There's a party
at the Marriott.
I hate the Marriott.
It smells
like old dudes.
Those old dudes have
money, Tinker Bell.
- Let's go.
- All right.
I want them gone.
Sorry. Carla doesn't
like surprises.
Yeah, me neither.
We're over here.
So, you guys can crash back
here in our therapy rooms.
No one'll bother you
back there.
There's a studio upstairs.
You might be a little bit
more comfortable.
Just let me know
if you need anything.
Thanks.
Why are you helping us?
I don't know you,
your crew.
Gemma:
I can vouch for him.
I'm not asking you.
Let's just consider
this networking, okay?
Maybe, at some point,
you get to help me.
Yeah.
Hey.
Found Tig. The old
Oakland rail yards,
but we gotta go now.
Shit. Okay, let's go.
They'll be looking
for your bikes.
Hey.
the blue pickup out back.
You want a note
from my priest?
Thanks.
(gasps)
(grunting)
(groans)
(groaning continues)
Son of a bitch!
(phone rings)
Yeah.
You better
get over here.
Your house.
Gemma okay?
She-she ain't here.
Don't wanna give details
over the phone.
It ain't--
(Clay snaps phone shut)
Tig?! Tiggy!
Shit.
Tig, I'm so sorry, brother.
Oh, man.
Jesus.
Mother of Christ.
Pope...
he burned her alive...
right in front of me.
Uh...
he threatened to do
the same to Fawn.
I gotta find her.
The cop.
Was that you?
Yeah.
He's on Pope's payroll.
The other guy's a cleaner.
Help me get Dawn out, yeah?
Okay, Chibs, listen--
the tarps in the back
of the truck-- get 'em.
- Yeah.
- Come on.
Let's get them. Come on.
Come on.
Coming over
to feed the bird.
My closest friend lately.
They smashed
through the door,
three of 'em, maybe four.
Say anything?
What they wanted?
Not that I heard.
I got knocked out,
like, ten seconds in.
Damn.
Where's Gemma?
I don't know.
Really.
Got no idea.
It's a good thing
she wasn't here.
I didn't know which way
to jump with this thing:
club problem,
Charming problem?
Ah, you gotta call
the sheriff.
It's the only way
I collect the insurance
off of this shit.
I'll get the prospects
to clean up.
Okay.
This had to be black.
Pope paying us back.
Yeah. Makes sense.
You really come over
to feed the bird?
She's on her own trip
these days.
I got no idea where
she goes or who with.
(groans in pain)
(groans) Damn it.
Charmed life, ain't it?
Hey, we should
get out of here.
Give him a minute.
♪ Riding through this world ♪
♪ All alone ♪
♪ God takes your soul ♪
♪ You're on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight ♪
♪ A perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil's bed ♪
♪ Until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this life ♪
♪ In the eye ♪
Any luck with Romeo?
Just left him
another message.
Both him and Luis.
Maybe we should
reach out to Alvarez.
Romeo's the only one that
can protect us from Pope.
I'll call Juice, get Happy,
Frankie Diamonds.
We need
some extra weight.
Yeah, okay.
Yeah.
Yeah, Hector has
the address.
On our way.
Jax: Hey.
It might be
a busy day for us.
This is for your time
and inconvenience.
If you need more,
you're gonna have to wait.
Nah, this is good.
You let me know.
I'll be around.
(Jax sighs)
We need to get out
of here soon.
All this activity,
it makes me very nervous.
All this activity
makes me think
we're in the wrong
business.
(knocking, door opens)
What?
We found Goodman
and his cleaner
in the pit with
Laroy and Darnell...
torched.
No signs of Trager
or the girl's body.
Guess I shouldn't
be surprised.
Goodman was a sloppy nigga
Clean it up.
We don't want the rest
of our city employees
getting rattled.
Already done. The other
two Sons have gone AWOL.
No one from the MC's
been picked up.
These white boys
are resourceful.
Dig into 'em deeper.
I want to know everything.
I got the Niners,
East Dub,
couple other crews
hunting SAMCRO.
Between us and the cops,
we can flush 'em out.
Maybe.
Eyewitnesses
look legit.
20s, black. No priors.
Damon Pope bought
those witnesses.
If he did,
we prove that in court.
Pope doesn't want
a trial.
- He wants 'em dead.
- She knows that.
I need time.
I got to secure us
some protection inside.
If I tell the D.A. you're
gonna turn yourselves in,
good faith gets you
about eight more hours.
After that, you're fugitives
evading arrest.
(phone rings)
It's Clay.
See what he wants.
Mom, keep an eye on Tig.
Yeah.
(Tara sighs)
Fill her in about RICO?
As much as I could.
How do you know
there's a RICO case
against the Sons?
Otto Delaney turned.
Gave up Bobby's
involvement as history.
Why you?
Personal.
I was sleeping
with his old lady.
Uhh.
Otto got me up to Stockton
to tell me
why he was ratting.
Then, after that,
the Feds picked me up.
I was in an ATF holding cell
for three weeks.
And they dropped
the charges.
Not exactly.
I can't do my job
with "not exactly."
The case is being held
over our heads.
I can't say who.
There's a chance
it could all crash down.
He's telling the truth.
Feds?
We gotta figure out
how to kill this case.
(Lowen sighs)
You'd have to prove
Otto's testimony was false.
That would close off
past crimes.
What do you have
for present?
Gun running.
Someone gave him intel.
Current member?
Not sure.
(Lowen laughs wryly)
It's gonna be really tough
getting details on a case
I'm not even supposed
to know about.
What about Otto?
Can you get to him?
My association
with the club,
they won't let me
near him.
Can you get anyone in
to talk to him?
Depends how tightly they
have him locked down.
This is all
confidential.
Nobody other than Bobby
and Tara can know.
Hey... Clay--
It's not good.
The house was hit
last night.
Home invasion.
Unser was there,
feeding the bird.
Got stomped.
Oh, my God.
My mom's house?
Yep.
Pope's coming
at our families.
This is not about
payback, brother.
(Jax sighs)
Okay.
Take my mom to her house.
Sort out the damage.
Put the club on alert--
wives, kids,
everyone should be
looking out.
Will do.
Let's get that goddamn
address.
We gotta find
Tig's other spawn
before this psycho
barbecues her.
All right?
Make the call.
Tell the D.A. we'll turn
ourselves in tonight
at the clubhouse.
And I'll double
your retainer
while you look into Otto.
Fair enough.
Thank you.
Yeah. Thank you.
Yeah.
Third attack on
the Sons.
Someone just ain't
feeling you guys.
We're an acquired taste.
You know this is
retaliation.
I don't know nothin'.
I leave the crime fighting
to the professionals.
Look at this.
Took my whole goddamn safe.
Are you clear on
what was inside?
Eh, just personal
documents--
birth certificates,
that kind of shit.
I'm not too sure
about the cash.
You gotta ask my wife.
Jesus Christ!
Oh, man.
Oh, my God.
Wayne, are you okay?
I'm, I'm, I'm fine.
It was like four of 'em.
Blind-sided.
I didn't have a chance.
Sorry about your place,
sweetheart.
So you weren't
here, Gemma?
No. Only me.
Wayne was looking
in on her.
We're separated. I worry.
So you have no idea who
would want to trash...
Gemma: No.
Any suspicious
phone calls?
Save it.
I don't know shit.
Okay.
Well, I told the other guys,
so I'll tell you:
If this feud blows back
on any innocents,
I will call Gang Task Force
and have Charming locked down.
If you remember anything,
give me a call.
Find my safe.
Hey... they trashed
your mom's place.
(Jax sighs)
I gotta fix this.
You will.
Thank you.
You really handled this,
babe.
These charges, Lowen,
us camping out here.
You're amazing.
Hey. Got an address
for Oakland.
Hamilton and Irving.
40 minutes from here.
Juice has got our ride.
No, but the APB
went wide.
Give me a minute.
Can't you let
the other guys go?
I have to make sure
Tig's kid is safe.
What about our kids?
What happens
if you're in jail
for a long time again,
Jax?
You have sons.
(Jax sighs)
Shit.
I'm sorry.
(wry laugh)
I'm really trying.
I know.
Go.
You're right.
Help Tig.
I'll be fine.
Okay.
(sighs anxiously)
Let's get married.
Today.
Are you serious?
I thought you wanted to--
I don't want
to wait anymore.
Whatever happens, Tara,
I want you to be my wife.
I always have.
Here... in a brothel...
wanted for murder.
Hey... I'm all about
the fairy tale, baby.
So much for romance.
Hey... I killed a Fed
for you.
Nothing says endless love
like capital murder.
Well, I guess that's true.
Who should I tell?
No one.
Let's just do it.
We'll do something for
these knuckleheads later.
Jackie, we need to go.
I'll make
the arrangements.
I'll see you later.
Mm.
Make an honest woman
out of you.
(Tara laughs gently)
Good luck.
(knocking on door)
You forgot to tell me
something at the house?
Maybe.
Well, you've got
my attention.
I was wondering if you
found any pattern
to these break-ins?
You mean besides the fact
that they're all pointed
to your MC buddies?
Yeah. Besides that.
No. The victims didn't
see anything,
and if they did, like you,
they're not saying much.
This wasn't
black retaliation.
It felt more white to me.
Really?
And how does "white" feel?
Sloppy, clumsy, uh...
Beat-down was obligatory,
not angry.
Clay send you over here?
I wore a badge for 30 years
in Charming.
I learned how to make it
work with the Sons.
And, yeah, I got a little
more comfortable with them
than I should have.
But I never did dirty work.
Still don't.
I'm going to be poking around
these home invasions.
I find anything,
I'll let you know.
I'd appreciate the same.
(door closes)
Oh, shit.
Three deep on the porch.
All right,
let's do this easy.
Tig!
Hey, we don't know
the situation here.
We're gonna find out.
Looking for Fawn Trager.
On your knees!
- Damn, man!
- On your knees, bitches,
before I blow
your coon bellies.
Tig! Put the gun
down, man.
Yo, chill, man!
Tig! This is what got us
into this mess.
Ain't got no ink.
They're not Niners.
Fawn: Stop it! Stop!
Aw, shit!
We got this.
Fawnsy!
Fawn:
You're hurting me! Stop!
Man: Shut your mouth, bitch!
Fawnsy!
Please, stop!
It hurts!
- Stop it!
- I'm gonna kill you, bitch!
- It hurts!
- You like it when it hurts.
- Who the hell--
- Dad, no!
- No, Dad! Stop!
- I'll kill you!
No! He's my boyfriend!
He's what?
He's my boyfriend,
you asshole.
But he was... he was...
Jesus Christ.
Wow.
I had, I had
to find you, baby.
You might be in trouble.
There's a guy...
there's a black guy...
he wants to hurt me,
my family.
Why? What the hell
did you do now?
Well... I-I, just--
You gotta get out of town
for a while, please.
What about Dawn?
You get her to leave?
Or maybe you just
paid her to go.
Oh, shit.
Dad...
Where is she?
I hate you.
- Aw...
- I hate you!
- I know, I know.
I hate you, you pig!
I hate you! I hate you!
- Man: Baby...
- I hate you!
- Jax: Whoa, whoa, whoa...
- Let her go!
- Hey, hey, hey!
Whoa, whoa...
look at me.
Fawn: What did you do?
Sit down, please.
Sit down.
You care about her?
Do you care about her?
Well, then,
you gotta pack a bag
and you gotta get her
out of town. All right?
I'll tell you when it's
safe to come back.
Here.
Go on. Go on.
Nothing from Romeo.
Shit.
Stay here.
I don't trust these guys.
Make sure Fawn
gets out of Oakland.
I'm going to call Nero,
get a lift back to Diosa,
wait for Romeo's call.
It's too dangerous.
You're not traveling alone,
Jackie, all right?
Chibs, we're safer if we
split up, all right?
I'm fine.
Just handle this.
Okay.
Watch.
Turn here.
Really?
This is Opie's street.
(sighs)
You know, it wasn't easy,
what you did yesterday.
And all the guys
are spun out by it all,
but they all know the history
between you and Piney.
Nobody's gonna vote you out.
Pull over.
You... you...
Does he know
you're coming by?
(brakes squeak)
I mean, I mean, you really
think this is smart?
He still might be pissed.
Maybe you are, too.
Me coming clean
about Piney,
the one guy who needed
to hear it most
wasn't at that table.
Whatever happens,
I'm good.
I'm sorry I didn't give you--
I heard about Tig's
kid and the warrants,
if that's why you're here.
No, that's not it.
Then I got shit to do.
You know, when you
pulled that trigger,
a part of me was relieved.
It's an easier way to go out
than dealing with this.
What the hell is this,
Clay?
I told the club the truth
about me and your old man.
History escalated.
Kill or be killed.
That's your truth.
If this is some kind of
bullshit apology, then--
No apology.
I ain't that stupid.
This is me telling you
your walking
away from SAMCRO
'cause of your hatred
for me.
That's a mistake.
I'm almost done.
I'm half dead,
for Christ's sake.
Jax is the head
of the table now.
It's your time.
The guys are turning
themselves in today.
They get protection
inside?
I don't know.
But I do know this.
Whatever happens, Jax is gonna
want you at that table.
He needs you.
(tires squeal)
Thanks for the lift, man.
No problem.
I, uh, got to make
a stop, though.
Take about 15 minutes.
All right, cool.
So, how did that go?
As bad as expected.
Damn.
You guys are having
a rough run.
Yeah.
How long you been
working girls?
A long time.
Just moved indoors, though,
like, uh, four years ago.
The escort thing
not get much heat?
Vice, they're always
sniffing around,
but as long as
I got my permits in order,
I ain't making no noise,
they pretty much back off.
How's the money?
I take 25% in house,
30 for out-calls.
That's after taxes.
That's it?
Hey, it don't pay
to be greedy.
You know, you got to
treat your girls good.
They stay happy.
They all got regulars.
Feria, the money,
stays steady.
How does your crew
work into that?
Oh, they get
a piece of my end.
Free pussy.
Keep away the competition.
So, I know you guys
run guns.
How does that pay out?
Percentages.
And blood.
Hmm.
Cuetes.
Weapons, man.
That's a lot of heat.
Yeah.
So, uh, this whole
murder rap,
that's what,
retaliation blowback?
No, man, stupidity.
Tig, guy lost his daughter,
shoots first, thinks later.
Yeah, I got a couple
of those guys myself.
You run your crew?
Not anymore.
No upside in management.
O.G.
Since I was 15.
Everyone I ran with, though,
either dead or permanently
residing in the C.D.C.
You're still standing.
Lucky bust.
I spent my 30s in Chino.
Gave up the needle,
picked up some books...
saw the bigger picture.
And the bigger picture
was pussy.
Every picture
is pussy, ese.
(laughs)
So, uh,
I'll be back in a few.
Should I keep
the motor running?
Not unless you want
to pay for gas.
Why you chatting up Wade?
Just making sure
he's okay.
Got hit with
a home invasion, too.
I know.
What's with the notebook?
Oh, well--
(knocking)
Sorry to bother you.
Tara's
waiting for this.
I rushed through
a marriage license.
Can you take it up?
I'm late for a deposition.
Sure.
Thanks.
Didn't know, did you?
No.
Nero: Hey, buddy.
Papi.
Come on.
You got it.
Who's that?
What do you say?
Orale, orale.
(laughs)
Was that your boy?
Lucius.
He's a badass.
Spina bifida.
He was born with it.
It's only gonna get worse.
I'm sorry.
That's rough, man.
What causes that?
Neglect.
I wasn't paying attention
during the pregnancy.
My ex was using.
Well, my first boy was born
with his insides
upside-down.
His mom was a junkie.
I wasn't paying
attention, either.
Pecados del padre, homes.
We got admirers.
They been tailing us
since we left my kid.
(cocks gun)
All right, pull
down a side street.
I'll dump out.
They're after me.
You gonna slow down,
or do you want me
to dive out at 60?
Hold on, ese.
What are you doing?
Seeing what these
brothers are made of.
I think they're made
of about two tons of
reinforced steel, brother.
I got to admit, part of me
is trying to impress you.
No need to impress me,
brother, or kill me.
(horn honking)
Come on!
(horn honks)
(yells)
(laughs)
That was fun.
Sorry.
I don't get out much.
(medical monitors beeping)
Cut. Cut.
(bell rings)
Take five.
(chatter)
Yeah, go ahead.
You okay?
Yeah.
What are you doing here?
I tried calling.
I didn't know
that you were shooting.
Can I talk to you?
I guess.
Glad to see the Saffron
sisters are still together.
Oh, it's my most
lucrative title.
You still
just doing girl?
Is this what you wanted
to talk about?
Yeah.
Look, I was hoping
that you could take care
of Kenny and Ellie.
Why?
Where are you going?
I got to leave town
for a while.
I don't know how long
I'm gonna be gone.
There's 20 grand here.
Should take care
of living expenses.
What the hell
is going on, Ope?
If you can't, I'll just
take them to my mom's.
They love you.
Miss Piper a lot.
Jesus, Ope, you can't
just spring this on me.
I'm... I'm sorry.
I know that you're busy.
There's enough money here
to hire a nanny and sitters.
I can't tell you
much more than that.
(Lyla sighs)
I'll explain it all
when I get back.
Please, Lyla.
Did you ever love me, Ope?
Or was I just a distraction
to get you to the next exit?
You weren't
a distraction.
I don't know
if I love anything.
(sighs)
A few weeks.
Thank you.
Jackie, Jackie,
Jackie, Jackie.
Hey.
What are you doing here?
Messenger.
Marriage license.
Look, Mom, I didn't
plan it like this...
Don't you insult me
with an excuse.
Where's Tara?
Will you leave her
out of this?
I was the one who told her
not to tell anyone.
Hey, man, Judge Cooper's
gotta split soon.
- We need to do this.
- All right.
Aw, shit.
You looking for me?
Yeah.
Not how you planned it,
is it?
Not being invited
to my son's wedding?
No, it's not.
I meant Jax marrying me.
You hated the idea
14 years ago.
Life moves on.
We change.
I hate different things now.
Just say it, Gemma.
These were mine and John's.
Figured you didn't have
time to get rings.
You all right?
Yeah.
We're gonna lose our
john judge.
I'm almost ready.
You gotta put distance
between us.
Own your place.
I get it.
But there is no one else
who understands what you
are going through right now
better than I do.
You remember that.
Now, I would like to stay and
watch you marry my only son.
You okay with that?
Yes.
Okay, we're here to
join in legal matrimony
Jackson Nathaniel Teller
and Tara Grace Knowles.
You're both here
of your own free will,
intent on marriage?
- Yes.
Do you, Tara, take Jackson
to be your lawfully
wedded husband?
I do.
And you, Jackson,
do you take Tara
to be your
lawfully wedded wife?
Yes, I do.
You have rings?
- No.
- Yes.
You can put 'em on,
if you want.
Gemma.
Anybody want to
say anything?
Aye.
Aw, Jesus.
Excuse me.
May the Lord hold you
in His hand,
and may He never close
His fist too tight.
Beannachd Dia dhuit.
I love youse both.
Lovely.
By the power invested in me
by the State of California,
I now pronounce you
husband and wife.
Uh, the witnesses need
to sign the license,
and good luck.
Yeah!
(cheering, applauding)
You okay, mama?
I'm trying.
(cell phone ringing)
I'm really happy for you.
Hold on. Jax.
A wedding gift.
Jax: Pope set us up.
There's warrants out for me,
Tig, and Chibs.
We need protection in County,
and we gotta make these
bullshit charges go away.
Local charges,
that's not so easy.
If you want our relationship
to keep running smooth,
you need me alive
and out of jail.
Don't let that president's
patch go to your head, son.
I am trying to survive.
It ain't easy living on both
sides of the fence, jefe.
You should know that.
When do you turn
yourselves in?
We're on our way now.
That's not much time.
Come on, man, you're CIA.
You don't need time.
You keep us alive.
We'll see what we can do.
What happens if we
can't get him out?
Let black kill him.
Go to plan "B."
We don't have a plan "B."
We will.
You keep in touch
with Romeo.
Let Tara know
what's going on.
And you keep Clay close.
No problem there.
He's all broken, man.
Yeah, I want
to keep him that way.
Yes, sir, Prez.
(sirens wailing)
All right, laddies.
Our ride's here.
I love you.
Please stay safe.
I will...
wife.
Don't you worry, sweetheart.
We'll take care of your baby.
(pounding at door)
San Joaquin Sheriff.
Open up.
Keep my boy safe.
You know I will, mum.
I have the warrants.
They're ready.
Thank you.
♪ Lately I've been wondering
what's been going on ♪
(motorcycle revs)
All right, fellas,
look alive and couple.
Let's go.
(indistinct radio chatter)
♪ Every time we get
to where we're entering ♪
♪ I feel my beliefs
and hopes surrendering ♪
So you came to say goodbye.
Yeah.
Hey! Hey!
(grunts)
Don't move!
You're still standing here?
Get him out of here!
What the hell is
Opie doing?
♪ ...the enemies
that we are battling ♪
He's staying close.
♪ I ain't nothing
but a human alien ♪
♪ Live for nothing else
but to keep wandering ♪
♪ Down this path while
stopping my instrument ♪
♪ Because I know ♪
♪ That I'll be
comin' home soon ♪
♪ And yes, I know ♪
♪ That I'll be
comin' home soon ♪
♪ With a soldier's eyes ♪
Is this you becoming me?
How'd I do?
Not bad.
♪ With a soldier's eyes ♪
(door closes)
♪ I've seen inside
the devil's dreams ♪
♪ Where young men die ♪
♪ And graveyards
open up their arms ♪
♪ For mothers left to cry ♪
♪ I have seen the bleeding ♪
♪ And I hate what we've done ♪
♪ But just like every
other fool here ♪
♪ I'll keep marching on ♪
(knocking)
♪ Because I know ♪
♪ That I'll be
coming home soon ♪
Is this okay?
♪ And yes, I know ♪
Yeah.
♪ That I'll be
comin' home soon ♪
♪ With a soldier's eyes ♪
♪ Because I know ♪
♪ That I'll be
comin' home soon ♪
♪ And yes, I know ♪
♪ That I'll be
comin' home soon ♪
♪ With a soldier's eyes ♪
Sheriffs are picking
up the Sons.
They'll be in County
within the hour.
♪ With a soldier's eyes ♪
♪♪ (vocalizing)